**Introduction to EfT Ammo App**
This project was started with the intent to give easier access to ammo statistics for "Escape from Tarkov". This application was designed and developed by Easton Yarbrough with the assistance of Davey Caviness and Michael Pulliam in data compilation. As of 01/10/2022 the data in this application is a current representation of the games ammo statistics. If there are confirmable changes to the statistics included in this application please notify the lead developer Easton Yarbrough.

**Instructions on using EfT Ammo App**
EfT Ammo App has two methods by which to search for the requested ammo. The first is the 'gauge/caliber filter' located in the top left hand side of the screen. This menu will allow you to select from an available caliber or gauge for the desired ammo statistics. The second search method is by typing the name of a specific type of ammunition (for example: "FMJ", "AP", "gzh", etc.) into the search bar located in the center of the screen under the header image of the Escape From Tarkov logo. These two search methods can be interchanged and used together to further narrow down search results.
This version of the application also contains an "Add New Ammo" feature under the gauge/caliber filter menu. This feature is used by filling out the required text fields and pasting an image of the in-game ammunition thumbnail in the designated text field. Once all fields have been filled out click submit to add the ammo to the database.

**Developers Information**
This application was developed using React. The file structure is organized in such a way that the App.js file and its primary child components are located in the base src folder of the React app. Of these components the App.js file is responsible for specifying the rules of the app and setting the primary state variable. The App.js primary child components are Search.js and NewEntry.js which are both responsible for their own get/post forms in the application which are explained above under "Instructions on using EfT Ammo App". All other components are child components responsible for maintaining different react-router-dom routes which are used in this application for the gauge/caliber filter functionality. These components are located in the "pages" folder within the base src folder of the React app. As a funny side note, the implementation of the gauge/caliber filter feature was actually unintentional. It was the definition of the term "it's not a bug its a feature". It did, however, give the application a nice feel and well rounded UI.